git-for-each-repo: add page (#5490)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-for-each-repo.md

# git for-each-repo

> Run a Git command on a list of repositories.

> > This command is experimental. **The behavior may change**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This command is experimental. **The behavior may change**.
> More information: <https://git-scm.com/docs/git-for-each-repo>.
```

Author: OMG, I looked that page and I didn't find it.

# git for-each-repo

> Run a Git command on a list of repositories.
> This command is experimental. **The behavior may change**.
> More information: <https://git-scm.com/docs/git-for-each-repo>.

> - Run maintenance on each of a list of repositories stored in a `maintenance.repo` configuration variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run maintenance on each of a list of repositories stored in the `maintenance.repo` user configuration variable:
```

`git for-each-repo --config={{maintenance.repo}} {{maintenance run}}`

> - Run `git pull` on each repository from a specific configuration variable:
> 
> `git for-each-repo --config={{configuration_variable}} {{pull}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `git pull` on each repository listed in a global configuration variable:

`git for-each-repo --config={{global_configuration_variable}} {{pull}}`
```
